docs/mmteb/points.md, before:

# Points

| GitHub            | Total points | New dataset | New task | Dataset annotations | (Bug)fixes | Running Models | Review PR |  Paper Writing | Ideation | Coordination |
|-------------------| ------------ |-------------| -------- | ------------------- | ---------- | ------------ |-----------| -------------- | -------- | ------------- |
| KennethEnevoldsen |              | 54       |          |                   8 |         16 |             | 8         |                |          |              4 |
| x-tabdeveloping   |              | 2+16        |          |                     |            |              |           |                |          |               |
| imenelydiaker     |              | 88          |          |                     |            |              | 7         |                |          |               |
| wissam-sib        |              | 88          |          |                     |            |              | 1         |                |          |               |
| GabrielSequeira   |              | 88          |          |                     |            |              |           |                |          |               |
| schmarion         |              | 88          |          |                     |            |              |           |                |          |               |
| MathieuCiancone   |              | 88          |          |                     |            |              |           |                |          |               |
| Sakshamrzt        |              | 4           |          |                     |            |              |           |                |          |               |
| MartinBernstorff  |              | 2           |          |                     | 7          |                | 3         |                |          |               |




Note that coordination and ideation is not included in the total points, but is used to determine first and last authors. 

# Contributor Informations

First name and last name are as you want them to appear in a publication.

| GitHub            | First name | Last name  | Email                        | User on openreview   | Affiliations                                          |
| ----------------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------------------------- | -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| KennethEnevoldsen | Kenneth    | Enevoldsen | kennethcenevoldsen@gmail.com | ~Kenneth_Enevoldsen1 | Aarhus University, Denmark                            |
| x-tabdeveloping   | Márton     | Kardos     |                              | ~Márton_Kardos1      | Aarhus University, Denmark                            |
| imenelydiaker     | Imene      | Kerboua    |                              |                      | Esker, Lyon, France && INSA Lyon, LIRIS, Lyon, France |
| wissam-sib        | Wissam     | Siblini    | wissamsiblini92@gmail.com    |                      | N/A                                                   |
| GabrielSequeira   | Gabriel    | Sequeira   |                              |                      | N/A                                                   |
| schmarion         | Marion     | Schaeffer  |                              |  ~Marion_Schaeffer1  |  Wikit, Lyon, France                                  |
| MathieuCiancone   | Mathieu    | Ciancone   |                              |                      |  Wikit, Lyon, France                                  |
| MartinBernstorff  | Martin     | Bernstorff | martinbernstorff@gmail.com   | ~Martin_Bernstorff1  |  Aarhus University, Denmark                           |

Commit message:

docs: Added points for previous submissions (#344)
* docs: Added missing points for #214

Added 6x2 points for guenthermi for datasets and 1 point to  Muennighoff for review

I have not accounted for bonus points as I am not sure was what available at the time.

* docs: added point for #197

Added 2 points for rasdani and 2 bonus points for the first german retrieval (I believe). Added one point for each of the reviewers

* docs: added points for #116

This includes 6 points for 3 datasets to slvnwhrl +2 for first german clustering task also added points for reviews

* Added points for #134 cmteb

This includes 29 datasets (38 points) and 6x2 bonus points (12 points) for the 6 taskXlanguage which was not previously included.

All the points are attributed to @staoxiao, though we can split them if needed.

We also added points for review.

* docs: Added points for #137 polish

This includes points for 12 datasets (24) across 4 tasks (8). These points are given to rafalposwiata and then one point for review

* docs: Added points for #27 (spanish)

These include 9 datasets (18 points) across 4 news tasks (8) for spanish.

Points are given to violenil as the contributor, and one points for reviewers. Points can be split up if needed.

* docs: Added points for #224

Added points 2 points for the dataset. I could imagine that I might have missed some bonus points as well. Also added one point for review.

* docs: Added points for #210 (korean)

This include 3 datasets (6 points) across 1 new task (+2 bonus) for korean. Also added 1 points for reviewers.

* Add contributor

---------

Co-authored-by: Niklas Muennighoff <n.muennighoff@gmail.com>

docs/mmteb/points.md, after:

# Points

| GitHub            | Total points | New dataset | New task | Dataset annotations | (Bug)fixes | Running Models | Review PR |  Paper Writing | Ideation | Coordination |
|-------------------| ------------ |-------------| -------- | ------------------- | ---------- | -------------- |-----------| -------------- | -------- | ------------- |
| KennethEnevoldsen |              | 54          |          |                   8 |         16 |                | 8         |                |          |             4 |
| x-tabdeveloping   |              | 18          |          |                     |            |                |           |                |          |               |
| imenelydiaker     |              | 88          |          |                     |            |                | 7         |                |          |               |
| wissam-sib        |              | 88          |          |                     |            |                | 1         |                |          |               |
| GabrielSequeira   |              | 88          |          |                     |            |                |           |                |          |               |
| schmarion         |              | 88          |          |                     |            |                |           |                |          |               |
| MathieuCiancone   |              | 88          |          |                     |            |                |           |                |          |               |
| Sakshamrzt        |              | 4           |          |                     |            |                |           |                |          |               |
| MartinBernstorff  |              | 2           |          |                     | 7          |                | 3         |                |          |               |
| guenthermi        |              | 12          |          |                     |            |                |           |                |          |               |
| Muennighoff       |              |             |          |                     |            |                | 8         |                |          |               |
| rasdani           |              | 4           |          |                     |            |                |           |                |          |               |            
| PhilipMay         |              |             |          |                     |            |                | 1         |                |          |               |   
| slvnwhrl          |              | 8           |          |                     |            |                |           |                |          |               |  
| staoxiao          |              | 50          |          |                     |            |                |           |                |          |               |
| NouamaneTazi      |              |             |          |                     |            |                | 1         |                |          |               |   
| rafalposwiata     |              | 32          |          |                     |            |                |           |                |          |               |
| violenil          |              | 26          |          |                     |            |                |           |                |          |               |
| hanhainebula      |              | 2           |          |                     |            |                |           |                |          |               |
| taeminlee         |              | 8           |          |                     |            |                |           |                |          |               |

Note that coordination and ideation is not included in the points yet, but is used to determine first and last authors. 

# Contributor Informations

First name and last name are as you want them to appear in a publication.

| GitHub            | First name | Last name  | Email                        | User on openreview   | Affiliations                                          |
| ----------------- | ---------- | ---------- | ---------------------------- | -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |
| KennethEnevoldsen | Kenneth    | Enevoldsen | kennethcenevoldsen@gmail.com | ~Kenneth_Enevoldsen1 | Aarhus University, Denmark                            |
| x-tabdeveloping   | Márton     | Kardos     |                              | ~Márton_Kardos1      | Aarhus University, Denmark                            |
| imenelydiaker     | Imene      | Kerboua    |                              |                      | Esker, Lyon, France && INSA Lyon, LIRIS, Lyon, France |
| wissam-sib        | Wissam     | Siblini    | wissamsiblini92@gmail.com    |                      | N/A                                                   |
| GabrielSequeira   | Gabriel    | Sequeira   |                              |                      | N/A                                                   |
| schmarion         | Marion     | Schaeffer  |                              |  ~Marion_Schaeffer1  |  Wikit, Lyon, France                                  |
| MathieuCiancone   | Mathieu    | Ciancone   |                              |                      |  Wikit, Lyon, France                                  |
| MartinBernstorff  | Martin     | Bernstorff | martinbernstorff@gmail.com   | ~Martin_Bernstorff1  |  Aarhus University, Denmark                           |
| staoxiao          | Shitao     | Xiao       | 2906698981@qq.com            | ~Shitao_Xiao1        |  Beijing Academy of Artificial Intelligence           |
